[OSDOCS-5327]: Adding updates docs for hosted control planes (#56336)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-node-pools-for-hcp.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * updates/updating-hosted-control-planes.adoc
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-managing.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-node-pools-for-hcp_{context}"]
= Configuring node pools for hosted control planes

On hosted control planes, you can configure node pools by creating a `MachineConfig` object inside of a config map in the management cluster.

//.Prerequisites

//Are any prerequisites needed for this procedure? i.e., does the customer need to perform an update first?

.Procedure

. To create a `MachineConfig` object inside of a config map in the management cluster, enter the following information:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:

>   name: ${CONFIGMAP_NAME}

Reviewer: I haven't seen this formating used before in a yaml, or even throughout the docs. Might be worth setting it to like <configmap-name> or along those lines

  namespace: clusters
data:
  config: |
    apiVersion: machineconfiguration.openshift.io/v1
    kind: MachineConfig
    metadata:
      labels:
        machineconfiguration.openshift.io/role: worker
      name: ${MACHINECONFIG_NAME}
    spec:
      config:
        ignition:
          version: 3.2.0
        storage:
          files:
          - contents:
              source: data:...
            mode: 420
            overwrite: true

>             path: ${PATH}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            path: ${PATH} <1>
```
This is up to you, but do you think its worth adding just a small description for this path object?

Author: Good question. I would need some expert guidance to know what to say about the path. @enxebre Any suggestions?

----

> . After you apply that object to the config map, you can specify the config map to the node pool as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After you add the object to the config map, you can apply the config map to the node pool as follows:
```

Author: Good suggestion!
